1. Does a new supplement help people sleep better?
2. Will new uniforms help a gym's business?
3. Will a new homepage improve my online exotic pet rental business?
4. If I put 'please read' in the email subject will more people read my emails?

Two Versions
Sample
Hypothesis
Outcome(s)
Other Measured Variables

1. To perform this test, you would need to gather volunteers for the study. Each individual in the test would need to be evaluated at least twice; once without the supplement, and once with a version of the supplement. The evaluation would be responses from the individual, answering questions such as "How restful was your sleep?", "How hard was it to fall asleep?", etc. These would be answered using a numbered scale (1-5 for a more concise differentiation, 1-10 for more subtle changes). Group A (the control) would be given a placebo supplement, Group B would receive the new supplement. Neither group would know which version of the supplement they received. The groups should be split 50/50. The extra variables that would need to be reported are age, gender, weight, and height. This will help to determine later the differences in which subgroup. The hypothesis is that those that take the new supplement will report higher/better sleep than those that received the placebo. If better sleep is reported, than the supplement would be sent to production and marketing.

2. Performing this test will be slightly more complicated. It would need to be started with getting several weeks/months worth of responses from the subscribers to your gym. The responses would be evaluating several questions, such as "How happy are you with your experience with the gym?", "How happy are you with your experience with the gym staff?", "How likely are you to continue using this gym?", "How likely are you to recommend this gym to your friends/family?", etc. If possible, this questionnaire should be given to every member after their visit to develop a base-line of happiness and performance of the gyms business. After collecting this data, the gym staff would then switch to the new uniforms for a few weeks up to a month. The questionnaire would continue to be given out during this time. If you are specifically wanting to draw attention to the gym staff uniforms, the questionnaire must contain questions related to the uniforms before and after switching uniforms. If the responses show an increase in happiness and business performance, permanently switching the staff uniforms would be implemented. 

3. The two version for this test are the original homepage and the newly constructed homepage (which is not hosted at the same spot as the current homepage, to allow for different, concurrent viewing). The easiest way to begin this test is to randomly select a user that browses to your website, and redirect them to the new homepage. The hope is that with the new homepage, users are more likely to rent an exotic pet. This would be tracked by the attaching the pet rentals with which version of the homepage they used (this will be done programatically on the back end). If the new homepage is resulting in more pet rentals, then the new homepage would be permanently installed and used.

4. Using your current email database, randomly selected emails would be sent the email containing "please read." The hope is that more individuals will open the email with the phrase added, than those without the phrase. Using the back-end data, you will be able to determine when the email is opened, and which version they received. If age and gender of the email owners are already known, then you can measure the difference in response rate in different subsections as well. If the email with the added phrase is opened and read more, than the new email schema will incorporate the phrase.