Below we have a series of questions for you to translate into a technical plan. For each question, describe how you would make it testable and translate it from a general question into something statistically rigorous. Write your answers down in a shareable document and submit the link below. 

1. You work at an e-commerce company that sells three goods: widgets, doodads, and fizzbangs. The head of advertising asks you which they should feature in their new advertising campaign. You have data on individual visitors' sessions (activity on a website, page-views, and purchases), as well as whether or not those users converted from an advertisement for that session. You also have the cost and price information for the goods.

2. You work at a web design company that offers to build websites for clients. Sign-ups have slowed, and you are tasked with finding out why. The on-boarding funnel has three steps: email and password sign-up, plan choice, and payment. On a user level you have information on what steps they have completed as well as timestamps for all of those events for the past 3 years. You also have information on marketing spend on a weekly level.

3. You work at a hotel website and currently the website ranks search results by price. For simplicity's sake, let's say it's a website for one city with 100 hotels. You are tasked with proposing a better ranking system. You have session information, price information for the hotels, and whether each hotel is currently available.

4. You work at a social network, and the management is worried about churn (users stopping using the product). You are tasked with finding out if their churn is atypical. You have three years of data for users with an entry for every time they've logged in, including the timestamp and length of session.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. To determine which product should be used in an advertising campaign, first the intention of the campaign must be know. If the end goal is to increase new customers, you would want to use the product that is sold the most through conversions from an advertisement. A simple query on what products were sold through a conversion or natural sale, and which had the highest rating. Using this information, you would then deliver the campaign to a new audience. If the intention of the campaign was to introduce a different product to customers who would otherwise not know of its existence, you would want to discover which products had the least page-views. The consumer base may not know that your company offered the product, so you would want to structure the advertisement to increase consumer knowledge.

2. The most probable reason for a slow down in sign-ups is there is an issue somewhere in the on-boarding funnel. Using the user information, we must answer a few keys questions: 1. How long should a 'perfect' lead take to go through each step of the funnel? How long should an 'average' lead take to go through each step? A 'perfect' lead in this example is a customer who signs up, selects a plan, and pays within the fastest possible time. An 'average' lead is what is the average time frame for a customer, excluding extreme case scenarios. 2. At what point do most possible leads exit the funnel before payment? For this question, we want to know what stage of the funnel has the highest likelihood of losing a potential customer. 3. What is marketing's spending during high sign-up times versus slow sign-up times, and what is marketings spending per customer during the on-boarding funnel? Here we need to see if there is a comparison between marketing budget and sign-ups, and if marketing is reaching out to customers that have started the on-boarding but have stopped at some point before the end (this will be in conjunction with our first question). For our first question, this is a simple scenario of a test case to time how long each process should take, if everything was done as quickly as possible. From there, we can query user data to determine how quickly most customers took to sign up. While doing this, we can also establish an estimate of when, after a determined period of time, a lead fails to finish the on-boarding. Which leads into question 2, once we have determined where a lead is failing in the funnel, we can calculate which part of the funnel has the highest drop rate. Knowing which section has the highest issue, the company can research why. For example, if it's the plan selection, marketing may want to reach out to those that failed that section how answers on why they stopped there (ie. "Were the plans to expensive?" "Did we not offer the plan that was right for you?" "Did our plan selection links fail?") The same can be said for the payment (ie. "Did we not have your preferred payment method?" "Was the billing not clear enough?", etc.) And finally, question 3, we can create a correlation between marketing's budget and sign-up conversions. If marketing spent $X during high times, and is now spending $Y, there may be a sweet spot to finding the best marketing budget. Also, if we've determined a time-frame that a customer "has" before they fail to convert, is marketing spending any budget/time to try and capture those leads (eg., if the customer selected a plan, but stalled at the payment, market could send an email to the customer saying "Hey, we saw that you picked a plan. Ready to pay for it? Have questions before paying?") Re-engaging the potential client should encourage the client to continue, and reset the clock. All of these queries can continually be ran to continuously determine possible trouble spots as it evolves.

3. A better ranking system would be based upon "popularity" of hotel. Using session data, we could determine which sites had higher conversion rates. This means, which hotel had the most users travel to their site and book a room or left a positive review. ("95% of user's chose hotel A and gave it a 10/10!"). An even better system would be dependant upon what session data was available. If we could query what region of a city they were predominantly searching in, we could recommend hotels within a given radius of that location ("Hotels A and B are within .1 mile of the Convention Center you were looking to attend!"), price range they wanted to spend, star-rating of hotels, or customer experiences. All of this would require querying the session data, calculating the required variables, and searching the database for hotels.

4. This would require searching for data upon other similar social network products and what average churn rate amongst all products. From there, we could then query our user data to determine points of interest. These would include average length a customer uses the product in totality, average length a customer uses the product per session, and high and low points of usage throughout the year. These points of interest would also need to be cross-examined with other internal data. Were there high usage times when feature A was released, but low times when feature B was released. This allows us to determine which features customers enjoyed and wanted to use, and which they didn't. Did the average customer use the network for a year, during which no new content was created, causing the user to become bored with the network. Did users spend most of their time per session waiting for the product to load, causing consumers to leave the product.